                   Sergios Stamatis - Curriculum Vitae


Contact Information:

Sergios Stamatis

Mobile Telephone: 00357 99 996 008
Email: mindosoft@gmail.com
Website: http://mindosoft.github.com/


Objective:

    To complete my Master's Degree in Game Development and become part
    of the game development industry.
    

Programming experience:

    * Programming: C [DBMS implementation, UNIX system calls
      (implementation of a shell), IPC communication (using shared
      memory, semaphores), Network programming (implementation of a
      music server)].
    * Object-oriented programming: C++ (Ferry boat simulation), good
      understanding of object-oriented concepts. inheritance,
      polymorphism, encapsulation.
    * Assembly: MIPS, PicoBlaze (implementation of Mastermind on Xilinx
      Spartan-3 FPGA), x86 (debugging to find buffer overflow exploits
      for computer security class).
    * DB: Oracle, SQL, MySQL, PostgreSQL, PostGIS.
    * Parallel Programming: MPI (implementation of Cannon's algorithm
      for matrix multiplication).
    * Digital Systems Design: Xilinx ISE (implemented a MIPS processor
      with a subset of MIPS's commands), ModelSim XE (used for debugging
      various components), VHDL (implemented a FSMD with serial
      communication to PC, PicoBlaze integration).
    * Integrated Circuit Design: SPICE, Magic.
    * Java [(implementation of an online e-commerce store), Android
      application development].
    * Version control using Git and www.github.com including setting up
      repository, branching, merging.
    * Other: Python (Django Web framework experience), Scala, PHP, HTML,
      JavaScript, CSS. Barely touched: Ruby, Io.
    

Languages:

    * Greek: Speak and write (first language)
    * English: Speak and write (second language)
    

Education:

    Ptychio/Bachelor degree, 2011. Dissertation Title "Creating
    personalized maps using GeoNode" for which I received 10 out of 10
    (Excellent), Advisor: Alex Delis (Professor).
    National and Kapodestrian University of Athens
    
      Overall GPA: 7.6 out of 10 (Very Good)
    
      - Informatics and Telecommunications.
    
    Apolytirio (High School Diploma), 2005
    Agiou Georgiou Lakatamias Lyceum, Nicosia, Cyprus
    
      Overall GPA: 19 5/12 out of 20 (Excellent)
    
      - Science.
    
    IGCSE
    
      - English (B).
    
    GCSE
    
      - Turkish (B).
    

Employment History:

    Software Developer
    ITEna Solutions Ltd
    February 2012-August 2016
    
    Projects:
    * Current: VB6 - Developed new modules and maintained existing
      modules to meet our customers various needs. The modules where
      created in our main application called (ITEna Application Host)
      which is a platform that fulfills the accounting and insurance
      needs of many insurance companies that we cooperate with.
    * Current: Oracle - Developed and maintained many database tables
      and stored procedures used in the (ITEna Application Host) to
      carry various tasks that have to deal with mission critical
      components.
    * Current: Crystal Reports - Developed and maintained many reports
      that were required by our customers to successfully review and
      make correct decisions about their current status.
    * VB .NET - Maintained and developed new modules for a software used
      by agents of a firm located in Cyprus that has many shops that are
      used to transfer money worldwide.
    * iOS (iPad) - Developed a journal application (baby-book) to help
      parents store the life events of their newly born children.
    * iOS (iPad) - Developed an application (CareLove) to enable parents
      schedule FaceTime (VoIP) calls with doulas (labour coaches).
    * iOS (iPhone) - Developed an application (HandyCal) to help
      customers schedule appointments with providers of services (e.g.
      electricians, plumbers etc.).
    * Android - Ported the appointment scheduling application (HandyCal)
      from iOS.
    * ASP.Net, HTML, CSS - Implemented the websites to fulfill the
      requirements of CareLove and HandyCal.
    * For the CareLove and HandyCal projects did extensive consumption
      of JSON REST Web Services. Also used pgAdmin (a PostgreSQL
      database administration tool) when testing to verify the server
      side was working correctly.
    * iOS development was done in Xcode, Android development was done in
      Eclipse and ASP.Net development was done in Visual Studio 2010.
    * Implemented JCC credit card payment integration on an ASP.NET
      website which was added to require users to pay an amount before
      proceeding to the next step.
    * Implemented JCC SEPA (flat file) integration to allow user to
      request SEPA transactions and receive their relevant
      responses(accepted/rejected). For this project I created also a
      flat file to XML file converter to accomodate with JCC policy
      updates.
    * Created an application for Limassol municipality that used a GSM
      moded to send and receive SMS messages in order to control and
      check the status of bollards located in various locations in the
      center of Limassol. These bollards can be raised or lowered in
      order to control car access to specific roads/pavements.
    * Data migration and porting of an existing system that used Cobol
      Data Files as a database and a command line interface, to ITEna's
      system. ITEna's system uses Oracle as a database and a VB6
      application as the client. This client application is currently
      being ported to VB .NET.
    
    
    Software Developer
    Green Dot(Cyprus) Public Co. Ltd
    February 2016-May 2016
    
    Projects:
    * Recycling Game- Developed an interactive game using Processing,
      OpenCV, Kinect. The setup includes a projector and a kinect camera
      that is placed on the center of the ceiling of the room and points
      downwards. The player holds a broom that has infrared leds which
      are detected from the kinect to determine the player's position.
      Actual game is projected on the floor and the player is required
      to mop the trash or recyclable materials that appear, in the
      correct trash or recycling bins.
    
    
    Cashier
    OPAP Glory Ltd
    2005-2011
    
    Projects:
    * Cashier- Summer job as a cashier at a bookmaker shop.
    
    
    Volunteer at the 1st Nicosia Marathon
    Ktorides Foundation
    4 October 2010-10 October 2010
    

Artistic skills and competences:

    * Playing guitar, bass, piano.* Amateur sound engineer (recording, mixing etc).* Electronics enthusiast (made some DIY guitar effects pedals).* Dancing latin.* During the school years: member of the computer club and the glee
      club.

References:

    Available upon request.
    

Last modified September 2016.
